---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "edgio_tls_certs Data Source - terraform-provider-edgio"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# edgio_tls_certs (Data Source)

Use the `edgio_tls_certs` data source to retrieve a list of TLS certificates from the Edgio API.

Learn more about the TLS certificates in the [Edgio API documentation](https://docs.edg.io/applications/v7/basics/tls-certificates).

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    edgio = {
      source = "Edgio/edgio"
      version = "0.1.0"
    }
  }
}

variable "client_id" { type = string }
variable "client_secret" {  type = string }

provider "edgio" {
  client_id     = var.client_id
  client_secret = var.client_secret
}

data "edgio_tls_certs" "my_certs" {
   environment_id = "enter environment id"
   item_count = 100
}

output "all_my_certs" {
  value = data.edgio_tls_certs.my_certs
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `environment_id` (String) The environment ID to filter the TLS certificates.
- `item_count` (Number) The total number of TLS certificates to load.

### Read-Only

- `certificates` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--certificates))

<a id="nestedatt--certificates"></a>
### Nested Schema for `certificates`

Required:

- `environment_id` (String) An environment's system-defined ID (e.g., 12345678-1234-1234-1234-1234567890ab).

Read-Only:

- `activation_error` (String) Contains an error message if the TLS certificate could not be activated.
- `alternative_names` (List of String) The TLS certificate's Subject Alternative Names (SAN).
- `common_name` (String) The TLS certificate's common name (CN).
- `created_at` (String) The TLS certificate's creation date and time (UTC).
- `expiration` (String) The TLS certificate's expiration date and time (UTC).
- `generated` (Boolean) Returns `true` for TLS certificates generated by Edgio, or `false` for uploaded certificates.
- `id` (String) The resource's system-defined ID.
- `intermediate_cert` (String) The intermediate certificates (IC) used by the CA, including the CA’s signing certificate.
- `primary_cert` (String) Your TLS certificate. We require this certificate to be issued by a Certificate Authority
- `private_key` (String) The private key that was generated with the CSR.
- `serial` (String) The TLS certificate's serial number.
- `status` (String) The TLS certificate's status. Possible values: `created`, `activating`, `activated`, `failed`, `expired`.
- `updated_at` (String) The TLS certificate's last modification date and time (UTC).